v8.1.1: Turn off hash agg spill by default (#18560)
pingcap/docs: system-variables.md

- Persists to cluster: Yes
- Applies to hint [SET_VAR](/optimizer-hints.md#set_varvar_namevar_value): No
- Type: Boolean

> - Default value: `OFF`
> - This variable controls whether TiDB supports disk spill for the parallel HashAgg algorithm. When it is `ON`, disk spill can be triggered for the parallel HashAgg algorithm. The default value of this variable in v8.1.0 is `ON` and is changed to `OFF` from v8.1.1. This variable will be deprecated after this feature is generally available in a future release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Default value: `ON` for v8.1.0; `OFF` for v8.1.1 and later 8.1 patch versions
- This variable controls whether TiDB supports disk spill for the parallel HashAgg algorithm. When it is `ON`, disk spill can be triggered for the parallel HashAgg algorithm. This variable will be deprecated after this feature is generally available in a future release.
```
